The selected UN Goal was Goal\#2: End hunger, achieve food security, and improved nutrition and promote sustainable agriculture. According to the UN website provided by the hackathon, “More than 600 million people worldwide are projected to face hunger in 2030.” This is a very grave situation, and although I have not faced hunger, going to India to see my grandparent’s rural town introduced me to the troubles of people. As a result, I was inspired to use my technological skills to help farmers, who are key in producing food that much of the world eats. In my app, I assist farmers in tracking their finances. Farmers are able to view a summary of their income, expenses, profits, and their sources of income and expenses. Farmers can update their incomes and expenses. Additionally, farmers can view graphs of the count distribution of their income and expenses. Additionally, I assist farmers in finding loans, and through a survey, farmers are able to see what loans they are eligible for through my app. One other feature of the app is that farmers can ask a AI Chatbot any questions they have about government programs, and the chatbot can answer in most languages. Another statistic that drew me to this specific issue is that “high food prices continue to plague many nations.” This is a problem I have seen firsthand, and I have noticed how prices of even everyday goods are increasing in stores. I have watched and read numerous news stories about how people are having difficulties in affording goods, such as eggs, which are key in many people’s diets. Additionally, due to food scarcity, many children have their development affected. This has a large effect on society because the children of today are the future of tomorrow. If children do not develop correctly, future employees, entrepreneurs, and government-affiliated employees will be affected. As a result, progress around the world will stall. One other statistic that is very shocking to me is that 1 in 3 people in the world have food insecurity. It is important to have empathy for other people, and it pains my heart to see that others are having food insecurities. As a result, I want to assist farmers in making their jobs easier. On the next page, I supply key images about statistics that made me want to make an app in this area. Also, on the next page, I discuss some of the technical features of my app.  
Citation: https://sdgs.un.org/goals/goal2


As for my code, for the frontend, I mostly used the capabilities of flutterflow. Flutterflow is something new I have tried out for this hackathon. In the past, I have made use of html templates and coding the frontend by myself. However, with flutterflow, there are much more capabilities, and the user interface is easy to navigate. As for the backend, I coded everything by myself, and the main features of my backend are: custom functions, firebase database, lists, state functions, AI chatbot. This was all coded in dart code, which I had to learn. Out of these features, the hardest to implement was the firebase database. I had to think of what values were needed in the database, and I needed to make them accessible based on user authentication. Also, training the AI chatbot was difficult in order to ensure accurate results, and the state functions were difficult to implement because I needed them to be conditionally visible, meaning they only activate when the user clicks a certain button, such as the navigation button.

